yeah we will just keep motivating
ourselves to make Steve cry it's like
you know get out of groups at Worlds
fuck you still hasn't cried make it to
the finals he's still not crying guess
we gotta win well it's the end of
semi-finals it's all wrapped up joined
right now by PO Beltre who's headed off
to finals and has just qualified for the
2018 World Championships things got I've
been feeling pretty good for you right
now
feels good can confirm yeah wearily good
now I mean how nervous were you guys
going into this match because a hundred
themes I think a lot of people were
predicting to to lose to you guys so you
know maybe maybe you guys were favored
in this I think leading up to it I
wasn't feeling nervous at all it was
really cool about it but then like last
night I was like huh tomorrow's match
really really means a lot you know it's
either like we're gonna make it to
finals and qualify for Worlds motorcycle
and plane all at once or I didn't even
notice the flame or you know if we lose
this and we're gonna have to play in
gauntlet don't even get to play in
finals so that made me feel a little
nervous and I was trying to get a sleep
last night it was like felt jittery but
um think once I walked on the stage I
was like okay this is like my home turf
and I felt really really relaxed again
well speaking of Oakland and finals the
trucks are right behind us as they're
loading up by the way this interview
brought to you by Omni slash forgot to
mention that regardless you now are
headed up there what is the next week
look like for you it's always kind of
weird I guess you you have to scream
like the third or fourth place teams
right yeah usually what happens is both
finals will have both finals teams have
already have a ton of scrim experience
against each other so you're pretty much
you know what you're gonna get in finals
and so yes I know it's probably
remaining scrim partner the past couple
weeks and our meeting in finals will
just be playing against the third fourth
place teams like you said we we go out
to fly it to Oakland in a few days I
think and then actually most of our
practice and preparation is done because
there's a lot of time that gets taken up
with traveling having to do features for
playoff content
doing fan-made stuff like that so yeah
it's it's actually moving pretty fast I
guess because we're flying out in a few
days
playing Oakland soon after that we're
probably gonna head straight to Korea to
prepare for Worlds well you say that
it's all like the scrims and everything
already pretty much settled so you kind
of know what you're gonna get by the
time you get to finals you're headed to
finals so what are we gonna get it's a
secret tune in and find out okay so you
know the results essentially but the
audience doesn't not quite but it's just
like both teams will kind of have a good
understanding of the team okay so does
that make it more hype like you guys
should hopefully allow for good matches
because you you should both know how to
like outmaneuver each other it's like I
don't know more hype it's not less
high-fibre its hype medium hype yeah
okay well you are headed off to world
space besides the final thing it's got
to feel kind of weird because you go and
you play in finals I'm sure you guys
want to win but you've already made it
to Worlds so it's is it kind of a unique
situation here - how does how does that
sort of rest with you as you're thinking
about that yeah I've never been in this
position before where you're guaranteed
to at least Auto qualify through points
even if you lose in summer so that's
pretty new I guess it feels like
comforting knowing that if we like
somehow shoot the bed we're still gonna
be okay but you know we're not gonna get
lazy about it of course we still want to
do our best and win and then having
clinched like to clinch both spring and
summer title would be really awesome
yeah have you had a chance to see Steve
yet because I know you've been to Worlds
multiple times Steve is not so this guy
he's got a feel pretty good right now
yeah Steve was pretty elated because we
had qualified and he was just like
thanking everyone like thank you thank
you like yeah of course yeah it's pretty
happy so emotional he said he would cry
if we qualified to Worlds but I gotta
say I didn't see any tears so a little
disappointed about that Steve confirmed
robot like there's no tears no tears
okay well maybe if you guys win next
week maybe he's like this will doesn't
count because it's just the points you
know you got to win finals yeah we will
just keep motivating ourselves to make
Steve
cry it's like you know get out of groups
at Worlds fuck you still hasn't cried
make it to the finals he's still not
crying guess I gotta win alright well
either way and and you know last year on
immortals unfortunately you guys didn't
get out of groups do you what are the
chances we see something different from
you guys this year depends on the group
draw it's so far off I don't want to
even think about it or just trying to
think about the match next week all
right that's fair so people start
talking about na LCS and how na is gonna
do at Worlds right now now that you've
qualified that's what I got to ask but I
completely understand that you're headed
off there eating excitement around it
being Aucklanders to just in their venue
for you
oaklands within California and I'm from
California so my family's from Southern
California but my family's gonna come
out and see me so that's gonna be really
cool cuz I don't think they've ever seen
me play at a big event before so I'm
really excited about that to have them
support me live because my parents are
really devoted fans they watched like
all the LCS games every weekend so yo
just be nice to have them there good
all right well oh the last question I
didn't ask I should have you that last
minute hundred thieves ADC switch-up
how when did you guys find out how did
you react and what do you think about
the games the rosters inside selection
everything is like at 8:30 p.m. the
night before so that one we heard and
then we thought our manager was trolling
us at first and he was like no I'm
serious
so that was really unexpected not sure
what was happening in regards to that
and really surprised he didn't try to
sub him in after a few games during the
series but I guess some some bad stuff
must have happened yeah I mean mark was
saying he wasn't here or he marked the
thought he wasn't here at the studio
yeah no comment maybe they had some
internal drama or something like that
yeah but what was it like in game facing
him he kept saying the whole time this
keeps playing so fucking scared he's
missing so much to us you know like cute
shoot when all Tianna oh my god he
cleanse he's so scared so yeah that was
kind of how it was I'm sure he had to
deal with a lot of nerves like suddenly
being subbed in I don't think he played
a single game for them during the
regular season so he must have had a lot
of nerves actually I heard
he was taking the loss really rough so
you know I kind of feel for that when
you're put in a really high-pressure
situation and then you didn't like live
up to it it can be really tough but for
for like pretty much in an ad coming
from Academy series I think he did okay
hopefully the community is not too hard
on him anything that you would say to
any of the fans out there damn it I I
had something in my mind lined up
something really funny that I was gonna
say the next time you ask me this but I
forgot like you had this for weeks or
what yeah I thought about this like
weeks ago when you last interviewed me
and then you said that and I just said
something really stupid I had something
really golden lined up here okay but I
don't remember it so now I have nothing
to say nothing nothing to say to the
fans says the band who's just qualified
to worlds and made it to the finals
thank you so much for you PO Beltre for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel and for
the League of Legends coverage you can
catch all of my content here on my
youtube channel thanks to coverage
presented by Omni slash